README.md, before:

kdb is a small pluggable IRC Bot framework utilizing the [circuits](http://circuitsframework.com/) Python Application Framework.

kdb was one of the first "test" applications written in circuits and is still maintained and kept up-to-date with new features and changes in circuits.

You may use kdb as a framework to build your own projects that use the IRC protocol. kdb itself comes with a suite of useful plugins and features. If you'd like to see it in action, feel free to get in touch with the developer [James Mills](http://prologic.shortcircuit.net.au/) (*prologic*) on the FreeNode IRC Network who resides in the \#circuits channel.

kdb was created by and is primarily maintained by [James Mills](http://prologic.shortcircuit.net.au/)

-   [Website](https://github.com/prologic/kdb/)
-   [Issues](https://github.com/prologic/kdb/issues)
-   [\#circuits](http://webchat.freenode.net/?randomnick=1&channels=circuits&uio=d4) on the [FreeNode IRC Network](http://freenode.net)

Installation
============

    $ pip install kdb

Usage
=====

    $ kdb irc.freenode.net

For other options:

    $ kdb --help

Installation and Usage on Docker
================================

kdb is now [Docker](https://docker.io) ready and can be run with:

    $ CID=$(docker run -d -p 8000:8000 -v $(pwd)/etc:/etc/kdb --name="kdb" prologic/kdb --config=/etc/kdb/kdb.ini)

> **note**
>
> Be sure to edit `etc/kdb.ini` or change the above line  
> to suit your needs mounting the configuration directory from another path on your host.
>
Plugins
=======

kdb has a full complementary set of plugins available.

For a list of available plugins, see:

<https://github.com/prologic/kdb/tree/master/kdb/plugins/>

You may install the latest [Development Version](https://github.com/prologic/kdb/archive/master.zip#egg=kdb-dev) via:

    $ pip install kdb==dev

Commit message:

Updated README to document how to use docker-compose

README.md, after:

kdb is a small pluggable IRC Bot framework utilizing the [circuits](http://circuitsframework.com/) Python Application Framework.

kdb was one of the first "test" applications written in circuits and is still maintained and kept up-to-date with new features and changes in circuits.

You may use kdb as a framework to build your own projects that use the IRC protocol. kdb itself comes with a suite of useful plugins and features. If you'd like to see it in action, feel free to get in touch with the developer [James Mills](http://prologic.shortcircuit.net.au/) (*prologic*) on the FreeNode IRC Network who resides in the \#circuits channel.

kdb was created by and is primarily maintained by [James Mills](http://prologic.shortcircuit.net.au/)

-   [Website](https://github.com/prologic/kdb/)
-   [Issues](https://github.com/prologic/kdb/issues)
-   [\#circuits](http://webchat.freenode.net/?randomnick=1&channels=circuits&uio=d4) on the [FreeNode IRC Network](http://freenode.net)

Installation
============

    $ pip install kdb

Usage
=====

    $ kdb irc.freenode.net

For other options:

    $ kdb --help

Installation and Usage on Docker
================================

kdb is now [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) ready and can be run with:

    $ CID=$(docker run -d -p 8000:8000 -v $(pwd)/etc:/etc/kdb --name="kdb" prologic/kdb --config=/etc/kdb/kdb.ini)

> **note**
>
> Be sure to edit `etc/kdb.ini` or change the above line  
> to suit your needs mounting the configuration directory from another path on your host.
>
Alternatively you can spin up kdb using [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) and [Docker Compose](https://github.com/docker/compose):

    docker-compose up -d

Using the following [docker-compose.yml](https://github.com/prologic/kdb/tree/master/docker-compose.yml):

    kdb:
        image: prologic/kdb
        volumes:
            - ${PWD}/etc:/etc/kdb
        environment:
            - PORT=8000
            - VIRTUALHOST=kdb.vz1.bne.shortcircuit.net.au
        command: --config=/etc/kdb/kdb.ini
        restart: always

This also conveniently uses [autodock-paas](https://github.com/prologic/autodock-paas) to setup virtualhost routing for the web interface for the domain: <http://kdb.vz1.bne.shortcircuit.net.au/>

Plugins
=======

kdb has a full complementary set of plugins available.

For a list of available plugins, see:

<https://github.com/prologic/kdb/tree/master/kdb/plugins/>

You may install the latest [Development Version](https://github.com/prologic/kdb/archive/master.zip#egg=kdb-dev) via:

    $ pip install kdb==dev
